- [Instructor] In order to be truly successful
in this course, there are a few prerequisites
that you will need in order to complete
all of the operations throughout this course.
First and foremost, with the Spring Framework,
you can operate on several different JVM languages,
but for the purpose of this course,
we are going to use Java.
I'm going to have JDK 17 installed.
Now you can do this on earlier versions of Java,
but I'm going to use the latest and greatest
that's available to me today, which is 17.01.
Now you're going to need some basic
language knowledge of Java itself.
We won't get into any of the advanced concepts
of the language or any of the new functionality
with JDK 17.
So if you've used 11 or 14, you should be fine.
But the reality is you do need to know Java,
because this course is focused on Spring
and not on Java itself.
I'm going to make the assumption
as we're going through examples
that you understand the Java context
behind the scenes and I'm going to focus my time
working on Spring itself.
Now a reminder, the code that we are creating
in this course is demo code.
It is not production code.
As such, you may find times
where I may do something that
doesn't necessarily look the most performant,
but that's because I'm trying to focus
on Spring and not Java.
And to be honest, it doesn't really matter for demo code.
When you're writing production code,
things like performance and operations matter
a lot more than they do in a learning setting.
But ultimately, as long as you have a JDK installed
that is greater than 11,
you should be successful in this course,
assuming you have that base knowledge.
Now, the second tool that you're going to need
to have installed on your machine is Maven.
Now, Spring supports both Maven and Gradle
but for the purposes of this course,
we're going to use Maven
mainly because I'm more familiar with it
and I feel that more developers in the Java world are.
I'm going to ask you to install
the latest version of Maven on your machine.
Now it's true that you don't technically need
to have Maven installed when you're using Spring Boot.
But many times I'm going to drop
into the command line and do operations
from the command line that are going to expect Maven.
So if you want to follow along,
you need to have it installed on your machine
or else you're going to be relying on
the executables that come with the Spring boot download
to do those Maven operations.
When it comes to installing Maven,
you're going to follow the OS specific
instructions from Apache,
and they're very good when it comes to
installing Maven on your machine
and setting up any appropriate environment variables.
Now, the next tool that you're going to need
in order to be successful in this course
is access to a Postgres database.
Now for this, I'm going to be using Docker
and I will be providing you a scripts
that will start up the Docker image
as well as load the database.
Docker is not a requirement.
I'm using Docker because I have students
with many different operating systems
and many different levels of understanding.
And Docker gives me a clean and easy way
for everyone to be using the same
exact database on their machine,
regardless of where it is.
That being said,
if you don't want to deal with Docker,
you are free to use Postgres in many different ways.
There are vendor installation instructions
to install Postgres on your machine,
as well as Docker if you don't already have it running.
There are those native install operations for Postgres.
So that is definitely an option.
There's also people who have access
to a remote instance of Postgres
that their company may allow them to use,
or they have access to a cloud-based Postgres database
through AWS or GCP or Azure.
And those all will work fine.
All that matters here is that you have access
on your machine in some way, shape or form
to a Postgres database,
via a local, via in Docker, or via the cloud.
Now, finally, I want to talk about an IDE.
And while an IDE is definitely a personal suggestion
that you have, the reality is you don't need
to have an IDE for this course.
It will make your life easier.
The important thing though
is if you are going to use an IDE,
any IDE that supports Java will work.
I'm going to be using IntelliJ Ultimate Edition
because those are the tools
that I use every day in my job
and they're what I'm more comfortable with.
By no means do you have to use
the same IDE that I am using.
Any quality Java IDE will have Spring focus plugins,
whether it's Eclipse or anything else.
You are definitely encouraged to use
those plugins in this course.
I'm going to be using the ones that come native
to IntelliJ Ultimate Edition.
As I said, I'm going to be using
the JetBrains IntelliJ Ultimate Edition,
but there is a community edition
that doesn't have as robust plugins,
but STS, Eclipse are all free
and all readily available.
The most important thing about an IDE
is that you are comfortable with it.
That is far more important than the branding
of the IDE itself.
Whenever you are writing software,
your IDE is your toolbox.
That is where you do all of your work.
It is far more important that you are comfortable
in the tool you are using
than try to mimic exactly what I am doing.
I will use shortcuts in my IDE.
Those shortcuts exist in some way,
shape or form in every single IDE that exists today.
So again, don't get tied up as much
on what I'm doing with the tool,
learn how to do it in the tool
that you are most comfortable with.